The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hey everybody, this is me, Griffin McElroy, your youngest brother.
This is me, Travis McElroy, your middle-est brother.
And this is my brother, my brother and me, where we take your advice and we do all kinds
of crazy stuff. There's gonna be a lot of goofs and a lot of pranks, and Justin's not here because
he's on island time. This is gonna be like one of those episodes where everybody's like trapped
in the broom closet, and we're like, but remember that time we rode that roller coaster, and like
then we play a clip from that? It'll be a lot like that, except that we won't be talking between the
clips, and we're not trapped anywhere, and Justin is, I don't know, probably having a margarita.
He's not in the broom closet. He's not even here. It's like we said,
man, remember that time Justin was here and we were able to record? Man,
I wish we were all in a broom closet together. Folks, listen, in this episode, we're gonna
bust out some of our favorite pranks and our favorite spoofs. And also some of our least
favorite in this span was when Sad Lives was created. Oh my God, I haven't gone through my
assigned episodes to pull out the classic bits yet. I feel like this is when we really matured
as a podcast. When we stopped being polite and- Started talking about poop for 10 minutes.
Started just being very rude, which is, I have a problem with that tagline now that I think about
it, because it's like, you can be real and still be polite. Like that my sort of, my realness
is my politeness, I feel like. They should have just said like,
when we stopped being fakey fake bullshit people and started being even more bullshit people,
but in an honest way. Or when we stopped being bullshit
and we started being polite. That's even better.
I would watch that show, The Polite World. Excuse me, Steven, did you eat my peanut butter?
Oh, I did. I'm sorry, I thought it was mine. No, that's fine. Could you just pick some more up
when you're at the store? Yeah, I totally will. Roll credits.
Folks, we're gonna bust out some of our favorite goofs and our favorite pranks in this episode,
and we hope you enjoy them. What is the range of episodes again, Travis?
I believe 72 to 81. Oh, some really great stuff in there. Oh,
man. 77? Forget about it. I forget everything we've ever said before like this mid-May,
and that's not a, that's not a lie. I'm looking forward to hearing these episodes for the first
time. I was really excited to hear Croco Swine in here. Completely forgotten about Croco Swine.
Yeah. Well, spoiler alert, Croco Swine's coming. Folks, we're gonna bust out some of our favorite
suits from our favorite pranks, and here they come, and we'll talk to you here in just a little bit.
I'm sorry, like, can we take a step back here? Why is, why is like every romantic encounter that
this girl has like Robert Redford in Indecent Proposal? Like, why is there be a proposition
like, excuse me? There is $10,000 in my hotel room upstairs. You have to find it.
Associate Reginald has a briefcase with $100,000. I am propositioning you.
What accent is that?
What? Have comic book guy have, uh, Hitchcock.
Okay.
It was really, really scary.
Maybe that's why the guy is intimidated.
Hello.
I am unmarked, much like myself. No needle of tattoo has touched my skin. I am ready to make
love to you.
Oh, Jesus.
I am so upset.
Reginald, open the briefcase.
You will see the bills are in Ugandan currency. They are untraceable.
Oh, $100,000 in gold Cougarans.
This is gold bullion. My associate, Reginald, will take this gold bullion to a deposit box
of your selection. At that point, our brief fleeting lovemaking will commence.
Oh, Jesus. Now I'm just thinking about-
Where are you going?
I'm thinking about being at a bar and then like the Lord of House Harkonnen from Dune like
floating over it.
Good evening. The spice is life.
I have a briefcase of spice.
Oh, Jesus.
Derek, actually at the end there, there was some Borat thrown in.
People seem to like that.
So before we take a trip, I would like to throw out- Justin made the mistake of giving
me time between the time when we were going to record the episode and the time when we
actually did. So I played a game with our listeners and asked them for words that they
would like to hear on the show.
You made a Mad Libs.
And I arranged those words into a short story that I would like Griffin to read now.
Okay, so what I'm looking at is a Mad Lib that-
It's a Mad Lib. Like that's not- Let's not split hairs.
Yes. Sometimes we make bits on the show because I think it'll be funny. And then sometimes
we make bits on the show to antagonize each other. For instance, monthly observances.
I hate that bit.
I think Travis kind of does too. Griffin inflicts it on us every fucking month.
This was actually Justin's punishment for not being ready to record the call when he
was supposed to. So now he has to hear this Mad Lib.
I had something really important come up.
Was it toddlers and tiaras?
Yeah.
Aiden Wood lost her foot in a logging accident and now she'd be able to perform.
This is the epic and moist fable of Bumsey Clumhole and the Marshmallow debacle.
Why am I doing this?
Read away.
Go stop now.
Travis, this is making me hate you and our listeners who sent this shit in.
I knew it.
One fine and scrumptious day, Bumsey was hanging out with his funkalicious friend Batman.
They were runny late for the big race.
The thick freakness.
They'd been watching the clock when suddenly everything got all timey wimey wibbly wobbly.
There's the Doctor Who thing.
So they leapt onto their Pegasus, Celestia Sprinkles, and sprang into action,
only stopping to get a fish taco on the way.
Slow down, yelled Batman.
This is chafing my turgid front butt and giving me lavish thoughts.
Oh, hogwash, yelled Bumsey.
Stop being persnickety.
This is funkalicious.
Incredible, sighed Batman, but sadly the whole thing was a boondoggle.
Bumsey died and Batman was left as the only living boy in New York.
That was the end of it and we will never do that to you again, and I promise you that.
I wrote a book in second grade called Grant Andrews Kid Cop that reads better than that
thing that you made.
Why did you do that to him?
Why is it that you were trying to punish me but Griffin ends up catching the brunt of-
Because it was humiliating.
I said words in there that I would never say.
Funkalicious?
You realize that every word I say is like a precious treasure, right?
And you just tarnished my streak of precious treasures.
This one's actually old.
I've been holding on to this one.
I've had this arrow in my quiver for a long time in the cinema by Jacob Locker.
Thank you, Jacob.
It's by Yahoo Answers user James who asks,
how can I make myself into a human peanut butter and jelly sandwich?
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
I like making messes.
And I want to really do this.
The first thing I want to do is get covered in a peanut butter type of mixture and then
a jelly type of mixture and have like some giant bread made of smaller bread.
And also, when I get the peanut butter mixture and the jelly mixture poured on me,
she I lay on the bread and get it dumped on me or just stand up and have it poured on me.
It's your vote.
And last but not least, how could I make like a maybe runny liquidy peanut butter mix and
running liquid jelly mix?
That guys, that, that was all one one sentence.
Oh, no.
Oh, tell me what you guys think and how could I, how I could make a mess with this stuff.
And I forgot to say that at the end, after I get the mixtures poured on me,
I'm going to get two giant pieces of bread, cover it with regular PB&J,
cover myself up and maybe roll around in it.
Unleash the ideas and the creativeness.
Ha ha ha.
This will be so much fun and feel awesome.
I'm right in thinking that there's an underlying and all the while I'm going to be jerking
it so right.
I'm going to jerk it in this runny liquidy jelly type mixture.
Oh, and BT dubs.
I'm just going to be jerking it.
Danny is just one flag away from that trip to Universal Studios.
He's made it through the gas fountain, made it through the car wash.
Now he's just got to get this one last flag from a giant peanut butter jelly suit.
And oh my God, is he masturbating?
He's so excited about that Casio keyboard.
That Casio keyboard.
He has found the flag, he is using the flag as some sort of jerk it sheath.
I'm Mark Summers and I quit television forever because I am yucked.
I am retired.
I have now have obsessive compulsive disorder.
I know because of this child's lewd act, I am leaving the entertainment business.
And that completes our Mark Summers origin story.
Those flags, those flags are for, those are roller skate vouchers, not jerk it sheaths.
Sir, sir, pardon.
Good day.
You win nothing.
Hey Mark, you want to watch?
Hey Mark, I double dare you.
I would rather them not have a gift than have the gift of guilt,
which is what you're giving them if you get them a present and they didn't get you one.
Um, but there, you always run that risk of like, maybe they didn't think you were going
to get them anything.
And so now it's just this like unspoken, like, well, we didn't get anything for each other.
I don't know.
It's so tough because you don't want to make them feel bad, but at the same time,
maybe you need to break the cycle.
How is it going to make them feel bad if they get a present?
How do you feel?
Because they didn't get you a present.
Fuck that.
They'll be so excited to get a present that they'll just be like, Ooh, present.
Who doesn't like a shiny present?
Just go to, go to stop overthinking it.
Just go to Pier 1 Imports and find one of those wicker basketballs.
Imagine gift to the Magi and the woman's like, I, I sold my hair to get you this watch chain.
He's like, Oh cool.
That'll go great with my watch.
Oh man.
That was very thoughtful of you.
But listen, I'm going to need a new lady.
You're bald.
Hey, I'm just looking at my watch.
It looks like it's time to get a new girlfriend.
Out of the way, Lex Luthor.
Man, that trade-off is not very fair.
Is it?
Hey Vicky, me and Hellraiser split up.
Yeah.
I got a new chain too.
I got a new sweet ass watch chain.
I said, there's, there's the door, Willy Willy.
Thanks for the watch.
Oh man.
What horse shit?
Yeah.
I sold my watch.
What did you do?
Oh, you're bald now.
That's rough.
Yeah.
But his watch isn't going to grow back.
That's true.
Yeah.
Cause he had his watch gland removed.
Do you guys want a Yahoo answer?
Yes.
I have one.
How did Griffin just say cinnamon?
This one was sent in by Justin Russo.
Thank you Justin Russo.
You're a gentleman and a scholar.
It's asked by Yahoo answers user Buck Peters who asks.
Come on now.
That's not a good start.
What a power name.
Buck Peters asks.
Whatever he wants to.
Is it weird to watch porn with nine other dudes with surround sound and order pizza for the event?
Like with sports?
Cause that's what's happening at our bachelor pad right now.
We started off with four guys.
Now the neighbor and his buddies came over and it's nine guys watching porn,
drinking beer and eating pizza.
If my buddy Seth and his two other buddies come over,
that'll bring the tally of this party to 12 dudes.
Oh my Jesus.
There's a question mark.
Like mathematically.
Yeah.
You got it.
Should we invite some girls to balance out a possible sausage fest?
A possible sausage fest?
You can invite girls from now until the end of linear time.
Not one is going to darken the door of that party.
So here's the setup.
There's no-
See you there?
You use so many question marks in this question.
Where question marks didn't need to be like,
yeah, also you're eating pizza with probable sausage on it.
I'm going to go ahead and say that's a sausage.
This is like sausage Woodstock.
Yeah.
Like you've called all the sausage together for nine miles.
And there's probably sausage on the TV too.
Wouldn't you imagine?
Yeah.
Some dude-
Do you know what my biggest problem with this setup is?
The surround sound aspect.
Yeah.
What was that?
Oh yeah.
There's a dick right behind my head.
I feel like there's just a dick on my shoulder.
Is there someone gooshing behind my head?
Philip, are you gooshing?
Yuck.
Oh, don't say that.
How does this become like a regular like,
it's Thursday, poor night again.
Like, what the hell is the matter with-
Don't you call it an event.
Like with sports.
Only not with sports.
Looks like that penis is winning against the vagina.
He could go all the way.
Surround sound.
Let's look at it through the eyes of the pizza guy
who rolls up and delivers your pizza.
Yeah.
And he swings over the door and he's just like,
um, I'm going to go.
I don't know what this is.
There are porn sounds.
There are porn sounds coming from every corner of your room.
Is this like 9.1?
Jesus, how many speakers are there?
I heard your house gooshing from the Johnsons.
Wait a minute.
Wait one goddamn second.
Can you please never say the phrase
gooshing from the Johnsons again?
I mean, I can't make any promises,
but I'll do what I can.
Psychically unpleasant.
That bad, huh?
I thought maybe it was a, I don't know, evocative.
How about another one from Mr. Justin Russo?
He really knocked it out of the park this week.
Thank you, Justin Russo.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Vic, Philadelphia Freedom,
who asks, this might be too gross.
Let me know if it is and we'll do something else.
How do you make a scrotum more attractive?
I mean, if you leave it as is,
it looks like a Velcro tennis ball rolled in pet hair.
If you shave it, it looks like an orange
that somebody forgot in the fridge for a year.
How do you make it look any better?
Serious answers only, please.
You can make it look like a kitty with like face paint.
What's the additional infographic?
Additional details.
Will you marry me, cat?
So I don't know, maybe he's using this
as like the worst proposal,
like he was trying to genetically, scientifically
come up with the worst proposal ever imaginable.
Because this would be it.
This is pretty high on the list.
This is actually an easy one to answer.
What you want to do is go up to,
you go up and click layer and then click filter
and then click artistic and then click scrotum.
Uh-huh.
And then click de-speckle, de-vein and uncheck smoothing.
And you're just going to want to save that as a keyboard shape.
To get the TIFF or JPEG file format.
If you have a TIFF,
you're going to want to check in laced hair
and that's going to give you a look
like the pubes are woven into like a dick dicky base.
Yeah, yeah.
It's going to be a really nice look.
I tell you what, I usually just blur it.
Blur, blur, blur, blur, blur.
And then I slap a mosaic filter on it
and then I print that and I use it as a sort of a basis
for my stained glass work.
You know, and we run into this a lot,
but you guys are just so much more computer savvy than me.
I just use paint and just kind of do a spray paint smile on it.
Yeah, which is fine.
That's good, I guess.
I'm still using clip art.
I've been looking into flash to like animate
to just make it look like the left and right gonads
are sort of going up and down as if it were walking down
like a path, like a rose covered path.
So maybe they're not any more attractive,
but they're definitely more active.
Yeah, well, and you can't spell attractive without active,
you know, if you think about it.
It's true, it's so true.
Everybody get fit, just a reminder.
You thought about maybe throwing a third ball in there?
Giving something they haven't seen before.
Just like that classic scene in Total Recall
when that girl says, baby, you made me wish I was dead.
I hate your third ball so much.
Oh man, I don't think that there is a,
I don't know, an equal thing for having three balls.
It made me wish I had six fingers, I don't know.
It made me wish I had left after our second date something.
Can you have them removed?
Can you have them moved?
Yeah, moved.
Can you have them moved to a place in your body
that's a little more discreet?
How about on top?
Stop it.
Is that Gonzo down there?
He looks ridiculous.
Oh, that's so crazy because mine looks like Rolf.
Did you just put the balls up there or the whole thing?
The whole kit and kaboom.
I don't know, is it possible to just turn the whole thing upside down?
That's what I'm wondering.
I don't wanna do that.
Can we turn it sideways?
There's so many options.
Then it looks quizzical.
Interesting.
I don't wanna think these things anymore.
It's like when you were a kid and you cocked your,
sorry for the word choice,
cocked your baseball hat to the side to let people know that you were street.
Oh, you got rally balls.
Yeah.
Come on, Reds.
I turned my dick 35 degrees to the left for you.
Come on, Gomez.
Hit it.
Hey, guys, I'm an avid believer in the philosophy of waiting as long as possible
to wash a pair of jeans for the sake of preserving the color in them.
I will often go a few months without washing them.
The jeans I wear are usually dark in color,
so they do not show food and or coffee stains,
nor do they noticeably smell from a distance.
My main fear of doing this is that those who see me on a day-to-day basis in work
setting will start to notice that I'm re-wearing my jeans every day for weeks on end
or that I am a slob or a hobo.
Is this a weird thing to do?
Are my fears justified?
That's from dirty denim in Detroit.
That was my favorite Bruce Springsteen album.
Hey, hey, buddy.
You're a slob.
No, Travis.
Hey, hey.
No, here's when your qualifiers are, they don't noticeably smell from a distance.
Yeah.
And they're dark, so they don't show coffee or food stains.
Not that they don't have coffee or food stains.
Well, sure.
A man's going to spill coffee on his pants.
That's gravity.
Well, but third is, a few months?
Is he saying that, like, do you think he means he wears them, like, in a month,
three times spread out over a month?
Or he's, like, every day for a month?
No way, man.
I think these are his off-court buddies, and he's wearing them every day.
I mean, if you're going to work in those...
Yeah, he's also wearing them on the court.
They're off- and on-court buddies.
Yeah, they're just his constant buddies.
They're just his constant buddies.
Ever buddies.
They're his Ever Buddies.
There are many ways to preserve...
Have you worn those Ever Buddies jeans?
The new brand?
Yeah.
They're nice.
They have so many pockets.
Your ass looks terrific in those Ever Buddies.
They have little inserts for Glade plug-ins that you can just, like, slide right in there,
and then the smell isn't noticeable from a distance.
They have a Teflon weave.
It's pretty nice.
It really catches the stink and holds it in.
So, man, watch out when you take it off.
There is a visible cloud.
You know, I hear people using those instead of security deposit boxes now.
You just put them in your Ever Buddies and...
This is where I keep my stink and my bouillon.
In my jeans vault.
Why don't you just get, instead of expensive jeans, more jeans?
And get, like, a wider rotation.
Double jeans.
Get them double jeans.
Have you worn...
Have you worn double Ever Buddies?
Have you worn those double-jean Ever Buddies from Gap?
It's basically like an airlock system.
They cost $300,000.
Your dick will suffocate.
They are airtight.
They keep the last remaining sample of smallpox in there.
That's in my Ever Buddies.
My hermetically sealed jeans vault.
More or less, it's like an iron lung from the waist down.
I'm not even sure that we understand the concept of Ever Buddy jeans vaults anymore.
Straight up, I'm going to call you guys out.
So, what is the most random, weirdest thing that you've ever gotten choked up over?
There was a Staples commercial where the dad is at the store and he says,
we have to buy all these supplies and they're for the kids.
And his wife's a teacher.
And she's like, well, the school doesn't have money this year.
And then she sees him at another register later, even though he was upset.
And he's buying some supplies for the class.
Oh, man.
I want you to know, I actually just got choked up.
Just listening to you tell about the story, that's beautiful.
I'm getting worked up again, the Staples commercial.
Any more?
Now that I'm an old man, any Christmas commercials?
Literally, any Christmas commercials.
For me, it's that Zales commercial.
No, it's Kay, Kay Jewelers, where they're in the cabin.
And the girl and the guy are standing there and the lightning strikes.
And he holds her and he's like, don't worry, I'm here.
I'll always be here.
And he gives her the thing.
And I cry because that woman's about to be murdered.
She's about to get murdered in the cabin and all of her friends
and family will never see her again.
I gotta call bullshit because I opened my heart with that Staples commercial revelation
and you went for a gag.
And I had to call Shenanigans on it.
You want to know what commercials I've cried at?
No, I want to-
You want to know mine?
This is an embarrassing deep dark secret.
Okay.
Katy Perry's Firework.
Fuck you.
What?
Wait, hold on.
No more questions today, kids.
Hold on one second, Travis.
Was it because the song played right after you
won the season finale of America's Next Top Model?
No, wait, you weren't on America's Next Top Model.
I was having a particularly rough, sleepy day.
I was at the end of like a hundred hour work week, like I often do.
And I just was singing at the top of my lungs but saying, I'm a firework and it was particularly moving.
And now I wish I would have just kept that one to myself.
I don't know if it's better if you're joking or not.
Like I can't, I can't know.
You can never tell me.
Actually, no, I need you to tell me this is a joke right now.
I need you to tell me you're kidding.
No, I like the picture of a single tear rolling down your paint covered face
and then resting gently in the nestles of your beard.
You are a firework, Travis.
Don't ever let anybody-
That is true.
You are a firework.
I've long thought when Travis McElroy springs to mind, it's with a trail of sparks behind him
because he, God damn it, he's a firework.
You know what the worst part about that is too?
Yeah, I do, Travis.
I know what the worst part is.
I know what the worst part is, Travis.
I do.
I do know the worst part.
It's the part that it is it.
It is the thing that it is.
The fact that it is that.
The thing it is?
The thing it is is the worst thing.
It is the thing and then you do it.
Like you've heard the song, right?
You didn't just cry at the idea of it.
Like you heard the song.
I want you guys to know I'm crying right now.
So I changed it.
That's the last thing I got choked up by you guys being mean.
I like to cry.
Baby, I'm a firework.
How dare you talk to a firework like that?
Do you guys ever just think about sad things
to try and get a good cry out?
I didn't until about 30 seconds ago.
Now I got all the sad things I need to last me forever.
His crying feels so good, I think.
It's like jerking it for your eyes.
Forcing a cry is like jerking it for your emotions.
Well, have you ever heard someone say that
anyone ever, when you hear someone say it's a tear jerker?
You know, there are big problem in Cape Canaveral.
Down in Florida, you'll see them rolling around.
Florida makes me so fucking angry
the way they treat animals down there.
Yeah, they throw alligators in sewers.
They throw feral pigs out in pig bins.
They throw alligators at pigs.
They make pig gators.
They make gator pigs.
They put birds in slingshots and then throw them at pigs.
Crocoswine!
The monster I just invented is Crocoswine.
That's it.
I don't have a joke, I just wanted to-
He's got the teeth of a gator.
The ears of a pig.
He's got tusks and tusks and tusks and back ridges.
Like the crocodile does.
And he loves you.
And he loves you so much.
Give him a kiss.
No, don't.
He's got so many tusks.
Crocoswine, tusks, and ridges.
Don't let him bite your face.
He's got a tail and another tail that's curlier.
That's the one that Grant's wishes if you cut it off.
He will give you bacon and boots.
I'm gonna be honest.
I thought Crocoswine would be much more intimidating,
but he sounds pretty cool.
I wanna hang out with him.
If it weren't for all the tusks, he'd make a great home pet.
If it weren't for all those genie tusks.
He's like the giving tree of feral animals.
He's gonna give you bacon and boots with his meat and his skin.
And he'll make you sweats penicillin, which is nice.
Hey, have you guys checked out my new double crusty double gene
everybody vaults made of Crocoswine skin?
That's a jiblin Crocoswine.
Yeah, they're the ultimate callback pants.
Is it okay to bring reading material into a group restroom?
Is it okay to bring a Kindle into any restroom?
Especially a group one.
That's from bored in the bathroom.
There's so many.
Oh, that's easy.
No and no.
Well, there's so many questions here.
The first being what isn't a group restroom?
God, I would love a private restroom.
This is this is Jeremy's bathroom.
No one can come in here but Jeremy.
You gotta like fingerprint lock to get in.
Man, that would be fucking great though, wouldn't it?
That would be so good.
I would also like to pause it like to go, you know, true to the name
and have an actual group restroom.
And I'm just like, everybody goes in at the same time.
It's like, let's do this.
Well, what are you reading?
They have those, Travis.
They have those.
They're called restroom.
No, I'm saying like, get rid of the walls and everything.
Oh, you're talking.
Okay, you're a kind of open plan.
That's the worst thing I've ever heard.
Like, done by Frank Lloyd Wright, you know?
This is my bathroom falling water.
Frank Lloyd Wright was fucking nasty.
But I'm...
I'm making some falling water over here.
That was a Frank Lloyd Wright joke.
You know, he actually built a house like that.
That was like based on a desert and there were no walls
and nothing separating like the kitchen and bedroom and bathroom.
Yeah.
Like just wherever you were in the house,
you could see every other part of the house.
I think that's gross.
The toilet was right in the middle of the living room
because he was so fucking nasty.
Frank Lloyd Wright, Frank Lloyd Dirty Boy.
Frank Lloyd wrong.
Frank Lloyd Dirty Boy sounds like a pretty good hip hop name.
So like Soulja Boy, tell him.
Frank Lloyd Dirty Boy.
It's got a good cadence to it.
I'm not sure.
It's... I don't think there's a big problem with it.
I think that if you are carrying a mag...
Like let's say a magazine.
If you're carrying a magazine,
I think it's okay to have one in the bathroom.
I don't think it's okay to be spotted carrying one to the bathroom.
Yeah, I think it says too much like,
hey, I'm gonna go settle in for a while.
I'm getting cozy.
Yeah.
If you need me for like the next 20 minutes,
you know where I'll be.
A Kindle, absolutely not.
Because if you drop that between your legs,
it electrifies the water,
and the water might splash up and shock your gooch.
Yeah.
That's science.
Science.
That's scientific dispiration of electricity
immersed in water splashed on gooch.
The reason I would never use a Kindle in the bathroom
is because you're paying a lot of money for that
and for that service,
and then that's always gonna be your poop Kindle.
Yeah.
I like to leave my iPhone 4 outside of the restroom
whenever I use it.
You stay right here.
I'll be right back.
I don't let anybody steal you.
Don't, yeah.
Make sure you scream.
Do not wander off.
I don't know.
I think that it's fine to bring material in,
but how much time are you spending in this bathroom?
I don't do anything in the restroom.
And let's try and keep this as not gross as possible.
When I'm in the restroom,
I'm doing restroom stuff and I'm out.
I don't bring my Game Boy in there.
I don't bring my Game Boy.
I don't have a Big John's Bathroom Buddy
or whatever it's called.
I just get in there, I get it done,
and then I leave and I go do other things.
Justin's laughing because Justin fucking posts up,
like brings the TV in.
Bearcades the door.
Yeah, he's like,
I'm watching Man vs. Food.
I can't leave, middle F.
I'm halfway through this through.
What am I supposed to do?
Man vs. Food would be an ironic choice
because you're always losing into that.
God bless it.
There should be a show called
Seriously, Man vs. Food.
That's just him on the restroom
after he just ate 36 chili dogs.
That's the thing they never tell you
about Man vs. Food.
In the end, the food always escapes the fight.
If I don't bring something into the bathroom,
what I'm saying is I really want to focus
on what I'm doing.
Yeah, you should.
I can focus on the sin.
Yeah.
Yeah, how are you not like buckling down
and just turning it in and get out?
What kind of dirty boys are you?
I like to distract myself from that evil
and you guys like to really like-
I run my bathroom like a fucking pit crew.
I am in and out.
I got a stopwatch going
and I'm out.
What happens down there?
I don't know what kind of situation you have.
It just doesn't happen.
You know, you got to make it happen
and I can't, I can't-
I feel like magazines are the epidurals
of the bowel movement process.
You need to make sure you're dilated comfortably.
Right, exactly.
Real quick, we want to take a break
and talk about some of the sponsors
of this week's episode.
Our favorites, your favorites.
They're back again.
Don't call it a comeback.
Kind of a best of advertisements.
I mean, I would agree with you, Griffin.
Nature Box is everybody's favorite snacking alternative.
I remember when they put Hostess out of business.
They put Cookies out of business.
They put Graham crackers out of business.
They put sugar.
Cookies brand Cookies?
Yeah, everybody now is like, Cookies?
What?
That's because Nature Box Snacks is here
with zero artificial flavors, colors, or sweeteners.
Zero grams trans fat
and no high fructose corn syrup.
So like, Cookie brand Cookies
can keep their fucking corn syrup to themselves.
Oh, they would.
But that business, as you just said,
is no longer in operation.
And now it's just an empty building
full of corn syrup and artificial colors.
If you go to naturebox.com,
you can get some mini Belgian waffles.
You can get some strawberry lemonade fruit stars.
You can get sweet and salty nut medley.
And listen, all that's great.
But they have a snack
that we just got in our box yesterday
that is my favorite snack.
I'm excited.
What is it?
It's the Asiago cheese crisps.
I could eat five bags of those in one sitting.
They're incredible.
They're like the best.
They actually taste like cheese
and not just like processed cheese powder,
which don't get me wrong, is incredible.
But these taste like cheese.
You could put these out at a party
and people wouldn't be like,
ooh, it's like Cheetos.
No, this is like classy ass shit
and it's delicious and everybody loves it.
So if you eat five bags of Asiago cheese crisps,
is that okay because it's nature box?
Is this a food that is actively healing you?
Yeah, it makes you healthier.
It's like taking underdog's power pill
and you get real buff
for about 30 seconds per cheese crisp.
Did you know those were Xanny bars?
I knew it.
He was popping Xanny bars
and just like whacking out of his butt.
Man, I wanna watch that.
Like, where are they now?
He's dead, he died.
Underdog's dead?
Well, he only lived 15 years anyways.
Go to naturebox.com slash my brother.
You can get a free trial of snacks.
It's their favorite snacks
and they're gonna become your favorite snacks too.
Trust me, go to naturebox.com slash my brother
if you haven't already.
So you've eaten 44 bags of Asiago cheese crisps
in one wonderful afternoon.
One might say the best afternoon of your life.
You've gotten some kind of trophy,
at least a plaque.
Oh, I'll tell you what else you've gotten,
a 14 pack.
You are ripped,
your delts and your trelts and your svelts,
which your svelts is actually my sort of new name
I'm trying to get going for your sphincter.
Okay.
You got a really-
You got that svelte sphincter.
You got a very muscly fibrous svelte
and you're looking so right.
You're gonna need something to put
on that taut, rigid body.
Well, I could just put on some terrible,
terrible underpants that I bought,
like, I don't know, at Target
that wear out after being on my body
for 30 seconds and chafe really bad.
Yeah, sure.
Is that what you mean?
Yeah, that's what I mean.
And then you'll go to your job
as a clown at the circus.
And show my underpants?
Yeah, instead, I want you to go to MeUndies.
Oh, okay.
And MeUndies is gonna get you underwear
that is the world's most comfortable underwear.
Not only the world's most comfortable underwear,
the world's most humpable underwear.
You are, when you wear these,
oh my gosh, you're gonna start giving off a pheromone
that nobody's gonna understand.
It is going to be-
Miles around people will come to hump you.
You'll put these on and it'll be like,
pfft, a giant mushroom cloud comes out of your body
as soon as you put these on,
and then everyone under the effect of that mushroom cloud
is gonna come get a hump.
Do you remember the hit film,
the hit Sandra Bullock film, Love Potion Number Nine?
It'll be like that,
except without the people of your same gender
wanting to kill you for using it.
Do you remember that Sandra Bullock film
where she was living a week out of order
and her husband died during that week?
The Blind Side.
I think it was called The Blind Side.
Anyway, MeUndies is gonna get you all sexed up
with some sexy, sexy underwear.
And it's not just for guys.
They just launched the All of Me Women's Collection,
which is a four-piece line of undies
designed specifically for the female body
and all of its inscrutable, insatial, insatial?
That's a new one.
I'm wearing MeUndies right now
and it is allowing me to generate words
that have never been spoken before.
My mind is open.
I love that MeUndies copy here has indicated
that when it came to making guys underpants,
like they got it.
They got it in one, day one.
They were like, oh, two legs, place for balls,
cover the butt, got it.
And then they're like,
should we start working on women's body?
It's like, oh, that's complex.
We're gonna get our scientists on this.
We've read this a lot now,
but this is the first time this has stuck out to me,
a four-piece line of undies.
Does that say like bra, panties, those are two,
garter, and then-
I think it means different styles.
So you got boy shorts.
You got like bikini cut.
Oh, I thought there was like a belly button sack.
And like knee covers.
Like knee covers for your knees.
That was the complex part.
They understood bra and underwear,
but then they were like, what about knees?
That can be very sexy.
Oh yeah?
Because you can add a little bit of mystique
to your knee-ples.
Get 20% off your order today.
Go to MeUndies.com slash my brother.
Make sure you use that slash my brother
so they know that we told you to put their underpants on.
MeUndies, M-E-Undies.com slash my brother.
And you'll get them 20% off.
They're good.
They're really good.
I really am wearing them now.
Yeah, I wear them like when I'm out of MeUndies,
it's time for laundry.
They are the limitless pill of clothes.
I have a call to action here.
I want the Bim Bam Nation to listen up because-
Is that a douche nation reference?
It was just sort of a radio, generic radio.
But yeah, it can be that if you want.
Sean Sleeps Naked has a new album out
and it's called Voided.
And I'm gonna tell you a little bit about it,
but I want you to go look it up.
I want you to go listen to these tunes.
It's a Louisville-based indie band.
Again, the name, Sean Sleeps Naked.
It's their second album.
It's titled Voided.
That's Sean, let's be clear.
S-H-A-W-N.
Yeah, there's no S-H-A-U-N.
None of that bullshit.
What about S-H-O-N?
S-H-O-N?
S-H-O-N.
It's short for Shonies.
Hi, I'm Shoney Bear.
This is my new album.
So tell us more about this album.
Talk about it.
Oh, I'd rather talk about Shoney Bear.
You got me on a Shoney Bear tilt.
It's a second album from Sean Sleeps Naked.
It's called Voided.
It's available on iTunes.
It's on Google Play.
Wherever you get your music,
you're gonna be able to find this album.
If you wanna hear a track to see if this band
that you are just hearing about on this podcast,
or maybe you know about them before.
If you wanna know if this album is for you,
you can go to voidedalbum.info
or shonsleepsnaked.com
and you can go listen to a track off the record.
Go check it out.
We also have a message for Robin with a Y.
Why?
Because I...
Robin from The Mask?
Yeah, nailed it.
And it's from Kevin.
Kevin says, congratulations.
Kevin, like smoking from The Mask.
Kevin says, congratulations to my lovely
and talented girlfriend, Robin with a Y
for graduating from the UBC with your nursing degree.
Now get out there and make me proud
by getting a goddamn job
and make the brothers McElroy proud
by getting that cash money.
Let's get that hype train going
by getting the brothers to give a big get hype
on three.
One, two, three, get hype.
Get hype!
This is Hoops.
Hey, Beach Baby.
How are you doing?
Good.
Tell me you're just having some fun in the sun.
That's good to hear.
We're recording the podcast right now.
We're doing the money sound.
Whoa, hold on.
They got a dolphin.
The dolphin I'm riding just went under.
Okay, hold on, it's coming back up.
Okay, now I'm back above.
Is your phone waterproof?
I'm worried about...
They're expensive.
Don't worry about my phone.
It's waterproof.
They give you a special waterproof beach phone.
It's an iPhone 7.
Okay.
When you get to the beach.
Will you, just apropos of nothing,
will you yell get hype for me?
Okay, like yell, yell?
Yeah.
I mean, you're in the middle of the ocean.
I want everyone on the beach to hear it.
Get hype!
I feel like you could have really leaned into it a little bit more.
Let's do a quick...
My baby's asleep.
Oh, I see, I see.
I'm gonna yell, yell.
Vacation checkup.
How are things going?
Well, they're going pretty good.
Just getting that D.
Carving the waves.
On a dolphin?
Yeah, the dolphin and I are shredding waves.
Some other guy tried to snake our toasty, toasty surf.
Some other guy on another dolphin that was bigger than mine
tried to snake my wave.
And I was like, not in this lifetime.
And I took my glasses down like, oh yeah.
Well, it was good checking in with you.
How many boat drinks have you had today?
How many boat drinks have I had today?
I've just been inventing them wholesale.
I came up with one that was just old coffee
and I'm drawing on vodka.
Drawing on vodka.
That sounds just terrible.
I call it the 34-year-old man.
Well, good checking in, good talk.
Have a good time out there.
Stay safe.
And I love you.
I love you too.
Have a great show.
We already did.
Now girlfriend, I've sent you an update on this message.
Oh, shit.
Okay, here's the squeakquel to that message.
Kevin wanted to update this personal message
since Robin has gotten a job now.
Here's the updated message.
Congratulations to my lovely and talented girlfriend,
Robin with a Y for graduating from UBC and getting a job.
All ready.
Now that you'll be making the brothers proud
by getting that cash money,
and then there's $3 signs here,
I'd like to take this opportunity to quit my job
and become a stay-at-home boyfriend.
Also, can you make sure that Griffin reads this?
He's our favorite.
See, I wish we had read this one before
because then we wouldn't had to upset Justin
by calling him during beach day.
Yeah, but now people get to know that we're not lying.
Justin's not actually just sitting at home going,
I don't wanna record.
No, he's humping that surf on a dolphin.
Humping that surf.
Humping that surf, getting that phone.
Let's get back to the episode.
Thank you all for listening.
We'll be back to a regular episode next week.
I promise, I hope.
In my head, I have a tiny bookkeeper with a green visor
and one of those receipt machines
that just like the receipts fly into the air comically.
And I have a running tally of exactly how much money
everybody owes me all the time.
And I'm not miserly about it.
I'm not gonna go after those people,
but Travis, you owe me $364.
I believe that.
Justin, you and I are totally even.
Nice.
Which is nice.
Yeah, which is nice.
But I mean, all of my friends, like Stu, Stu owes me 455.
And like I'm never gonna forget about that.
Ever.
Ever, Stu.
That's classic Stu though.
Yeah, God forbid something happens to Stu
and you never see that money.
Oh, I have already lost a lot of funds.
I have unrecoverable funds.
Gaddafi, I drew 20 spot.
Gaddafi, that fool owe me $12, 12 whole dollars.
He was like Griffin.
He sent you a bottle of wine and you're like, no Gaddafi.
Griffin, can I get a scarf?
It's so chilly in Libya.
Give me a $12 scarf.
And you're like.
Well, we were hitting up the bars on 36
and he was like, oh man, I left my wallet at home.
I was like, Gaddafi, I got you.
And I did got him.
And then you know what happened?
He went and got himself killed.
Thanks Gaddafi for nothing.
Yeah.
And all that full drink is buttery nipples.
Yep.
And so, you know, it's going to be a pricey night.
We all think about Criss Angel in the context of Mind Freak.
But what we rarely think about is that Criss Angel is a real person
who has to go-
Who like goes home and makes waffles.
He goes to Whole Foods and he buys kale.
Like this is something, this is a real person that does these things.
Right.
He's not just magicking all the time or maybe he is.
Wouldn't you like to think that he is?
Like even at home and no one's around,
like all of a sudden the coffee's in the glass and he's like, sigh, Mind Freak.
Yeah.
My problem with Mind Freak is that it's unfairly watchable
because it's constantly taunting you with the possibility
that you'll see Criss Angel killed before your eyes.
It's like an irresistible ratings bait.
Yeah.
I think and it's not fair.
And I think they do have to deliver on it eventually.
Yeah. At least an amputation.
Like today I'm going to set myself ablaze while a man shoots a revolver at me.
Like, oh man, clear the Tivo.
Today I'm going to drink lava.
Hey Criss.
Criss, Criss, I wouldn't advise that.
Maybe you should cancel this one.
He, I'm looking at pictures of him right now
and I cannot fucking handle his whole style.
His whole, yeah.
There's a thing on, there's a thing on, okay.
If you go to A&E TV right now, there is an ad for the show
and the tagline of this, like, I think it's a,
maybe a trivia question or an interactive game.
And it, the question is, will you save or kill Criss Angel?
The game is called Kill Criss Angel.
Okay.
Like they know what they're doing with this
and they they're playing off our desire to see him die.
Hey world, if you see Criss Angel, give him a hug.
Just tell him like it's okay and it's going to be all right.
And maybe, you know, he just wants to hang out.
Maybe just buy Criss Angel a beer.
We could save Criss Angel's life today.
I would, I would like to try to reach out to Criss Angel
and say, it's not that there are many people
I'd like to watch die on TV,
but you are the only one that keeps taunting me
with the possibility.
And that's the only reason I'm so hungry for your death.
Like the first season of that show started out
as real magic, right?
And now it's just like fucking bear baiting.
Like it's, it's waiting to watch Criss Angel die.
Did you see the bear baiting episode?
I thought that it was going to gobble him up for sure.
All I hope is that Criss Angel,
when he like does do something like drink lava,
I just hope that his last words are like,
mind free.
And now the mind that is freaked is my own.
You and Paul Giamatti live in your own
like parallel universe together.
And if you want to make amends with him,
you go to his house.
I'm tired of using our show as a platform
to apologize to Paul Giamatti.
You know what Griffin,
buy a fucking personal ad
and say you're sorry to Paul from now on.
Cause I'm tired of using NBNBA as a bully pulpit
to apologize for bullying Paul Giamatti.
It's done.
It's over.
Hey guys, can we cut out cyber bullying
of Paul Giamatti please?
Can I just say one thing though?
Yeah, as long as it's not directly,
direct address to Paul Giamatti.
Paul Giamatti, I would like to issue a statement
to all Paul Giamatti.
I'm so sorry.
Paul Giamatti in Idaho right now.
That's like crying.
Messers Giamatti.
I apologize for my actions.
What if everything was shaped like a penis?
What if everything in the world was shaped like a penis?
Buildings, buses, cars, shoes, fridges, et cetera.
Would women like that?
I have news for this guy.
Maybe you haven't looked at a skyline recently.
Everything is shaped like a penis.
It's a man's world.
Penis has a tiny radio antenna
coming out of the top of it.
So that's, yes.
Right.
I would like to ask you a question.
I would like to-
To pick up all the vibes the ladies-
I would like to hear this guy's question
as if he and his friends often use the phrase,
everything's shaped like a penis.
And then he's like, what if everything was-
What if literally everything?
What if I was reading this question
off a penis-shaped computer?
That's just not the best viewing experience, I feel like.
Also, how would you give directions to anybody?
Just turn left at the penis thing.
I'll meet you by the cock.
Like, I don't know.
I don't know which one, because everything.
You're shaped like a penis.
No, no, the veiny one.
Yeah.
I think my favorite misconception about this
is that women are walking around every day
wishing everything was shaped like a penis.
Man, I sure wish I could see some penis-shaped things today.
Right.
If only this cell phone was shaped like a penis.
But this man wasn't thinking laterally.
Laterally? He wasn't thinking about-
He wasn't thinking across all the different possibilities.
You've got to think about the big picture.
We're talking about literature.
We're talking about trying to read a book,
but the pages are in the shapes of dicks.
So you get like two words, three words, three words, three words,
and then like 10 words.
This is the balls.
What if this was like a fucking Twilight Zone episode
and even the words were shaped like dicks?
Travis, this is every-
Everything!
We would have to invent a new language
where every character was a dick.
So you're saying like the book too
would be shaped like a penis, you mean?
That's what I'm saying.
It would be like eat, pray, love,
hide it when the kids come in the room.
So basically what it is is
this is a guy who has spent his life,
I don't know, killing dicks or something
or just like making fun of dicks
and then he wakes up one day and he's shaped like a dick
and everything's shaped like a dick
and the books are shaped like dicks
and the words are shaped like dicks
and like his breakfast is shaped like dicks
and he's just in the middle of town square
spinning around the dick-shaped town square screaming dicks!
And then a dick-shaped ghost comes up and is like,
shouldn't have killed all those dicks.
What?
What are you talking about?
Killing dicks?
And then it pulls out two vagina-shaped scientists
saying shut it down.
Yeah.
I think that this man's main point is fallacious
and that is that women would like it
because I think that after a while
it wouldn't be like, if every letter in the alphabet
looked like a dick,
then when I got a special woman in the bedroom
and showed her my treasure,
she'd be like, yep, like so.
What if everything was dick-shaped except dicks?
Yeah.
And your dick was shaped like a sitar maybe or another.
Sitars kinda look like dicks a little bit.
What if it was like you could choose it
like, you know, maybe you want it to look like,
you know, a clownfish.
I don't know, it's up to you.
Yeah.
Maybe not.
Wait, are they not supposed to look like clownfish?
I have to go to the doctors.
All the doctors now.
Dr. Maia, my treasure looks like Nemo.
I was thinking if I ever get the death sentence,
what would be my last meal?
I'm wondering what other people would have.
I was thinking a double,
an extra large double bacon cheeseburger meal
supersized from Burger King.
But what to have for dessert?
That's the saddest thing I've ever heard.
Why are you sad?
You know what, the irony is that if you have
a double bacon supersized chunder meal from Burger King,
that will be your last meal.
You're as good as that anyway.
A chunder blender from Burger King.
I prefer to go to Outback and get the chunder from Down Under.
What did you get at Burger King?
A mistake.
But that's okay.
You get one last meal and you can pick from anything.
And right after that, you're gonna be killed.
What do you want?
Some Burger King.
Yeah.
Can you get me some Burger King?
Can you tip down to BK and get me some twists?
The only thing I can think is that that is a play.
You're making a play so that the governor feels so bad for you
that he decides not to kill you
because you're already dead inside.
Can I get some of those crown-shaped chicken tenders?
And the crown so everybody knows I'm,
and so I can sit on my electric throne.
I wanna be the king of dead.
I'm the king of dead town.
I used to be the king of murder and now I will be the king of heaven.
Oh my god, wheels and the rest of the BK Kids Club is here.
They're all here welcoming me in.
Welcome me in.
Fly me to heaven, big kid.
You die looking at the picture of the BK Kids Club like Susan Sarandon.
The last face you see is gonna be a face of love.
I'm sorry.
OMG, my tropical fish are eating it?
What?
Um, I'm so sorry.
Someone jizzed into my aquarium and now my fish are feeding on it.
Don't let me finish.
Will they get pregnant and what type of fish can I expect?
Will they hatch out like tiny mermaid things?
What, what kind of mystery is this?
Let's, yeah, let's sleuth this one out.
There's so many layers.
You know what not to get a girl for her birthday party?
Yeah, no.
Jizzing in her aquarium.
Hey, look what I did.
Happy birthday.
Happy B-day, Cynthia.
That beta has human feet.
Who jizzed in this?
Yes, my beta has a human face like Seaman.
I am upset.
I want to make an open appeal to the gentleman who committed this heinous crime.
Why was that your best option?
And what was the timeline like where someone jizzed in this aquarium, skedaddled,
and she entered the room fast enough to see the fish eating the juice?
Fish will eat anything you put into an aquarium instantly.
So it had to be like, whoop, done, out.
Hey, they're eating it.
Yahoo.
I passed a mysterious stranger coming out of my room.
People say that the American Pie movies aren't having a detriment on our society,
but look, teenagers out there are reenacting these scenes.
Did you guys see that one?
I think it was Banking 3.
Oh, the one where Stiffler ejaculates?
No, it's actually, I popular mis-
It's actually Stiffler's cousin at that point.
So Stiffler's cousin gives his seed, the gift of his seed, to an aquarium.
Yeah.
And then fish eat it, and then it creates horrible sea monsters.
I am so upset, like physically angry at all of this.
Yeah, there's nothing good about this.
Because you're thinking about a fish, thinking about fish with human arms.
No, you know what, Griffin?
And you're thinking about how you'll never be able to hang out with it.
I'm eight steps back, thinking about the prior situation before this girl walked into the room.
Was this gentleman standing there, and he pulled out a chair and stood on top of it?
No, no, no.
I'm sure this thing's been loaded to the ground.
The problem is that maybe, you're just assuming that this person started out
with the intention of, oh, I'm gonna jerk it in this here fish tank.
I think that it was an emergency.
I think he was short on time.
Right.
I think he said, I need to do this somewhere.
Gotta be somewhere.
So you're saying he just didn't have an exit strategy when he started?
Didn't have a plan.
His plan was jerk it, and then that was it.
That's the end of the plan.
It's honestly her fault for hanging that poster of Carla Gugino behind her aquarium,
if you think about it.
Well, were you thinking with that Gugino poster?
How could you?
You can't just put a Gugino up in your room and put a Carla Gugino poster anywhere.
And you put it so close to the aquarium.
You were almost begging for human fish monsters.
Ew, you nasty.
Maybe you need to be more selective of the people and you invite into your house.
If you had a party and you don't know which one of them came in your aquarium.
You know, you have to know.
Line up the usual suspects to who Gugino'd write into my aquarium.
Take a chance.
This Yahoo was sent in by Lisa Holifield.
Thank you, Lisa.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Matt L who asks, cool band names for metal band?
My band has been wanting to do a show for some time now, but we have one small problem.
We can't think of a good band name.
We are a metal death metal band and our songs are original.
Please help.
Mercury.
Travis says Mercury.
Justin, do you have any other Greek gods slash planets that you want to drop on?
I was actually going for a metallic substance.
You clever fuck.
I know, right?
God, that's good.
It's really juicy.
Aluminium.
Yeah.
It's a really, it's a really juicy vein of comedy.
You struck a real nice vein.
You know what helps any joke?
If the person has to have a rudimentary understanding of the chemical table before they
laugh at it.
Yeah.
Which in this day and age, most people do.
I would say breaking bad.
Everybody knows most of the symbols now.
Yeah.
Bull run.
It is not at all called the chemical table.
What the fuck is it called?
Periodical table of elements.
There it is.
You idiot child.
Are you sure it's periodical and not periodic?
It's periodical.
Sometimes it's there, sometimes it's not.
It's a periodical, it's about magazines.
It's a magazine table of magazines.
This is a show for stupids.
Like we're, it's made by-
For and by.
For and by dumbos.
Do you guys want to hear some of the responses that Yahoo has provided?
Yeah, I do.
Yes, I am, says Glass Rose.
Guilty witnesses.
Unfortunate residents.
Holy sins.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Unfortunate residents.
I love this apartment.
The roofing is just terrible.
There is blood everywhere.
Yeah.
How unfortunate.
Unfortunate residents.
It's great.
Our neighbors are very noisy.
This is too bad.
Holy sins.
Flesh deep.
Saturnine.
Well, flesh deep?
He's just combining two things that don't mean the same thing.
Also, flesh deep's not that deep, friend.
No, but he's saying that like holy sin.
Two things together.
This is fire.
This is great.
Rainy sun.
Two and a half blank bodies, knives, IDK.
Wait, what?
Two and a half men?
Two and a half men, sure.
Two and a half.
I think he's saying you should make your death metal band a parody off two and a half men's name.
Man, man, man, man, man, man, man.
Uh, like two and a half bodies?
Humanities experiment.
That's okay.
It's Me Drew has some really good ones.
Oh god, I was hoping that was the name of the band.
Are you there, god?
It's Me Drew.
Hey, mom, it's Me Drew.
Time to rock.
Rock.
Your best bet, I think, for this particular band is to pick a name that is almost the
name of another metal band so that people will get confused and come see your show.
Scuttle of mud.
Yeah.
Did you go see Metallica's?
It's the plural.
Metallico.
I went and saw Spain this weekend.
They were awesome.
I want to go see 411.
They're definitely right.
That is Justin.
That is not even a...
That is so far from a metal band.
Amber is the color of your blood.
This one was sent in by Michael Cornely.
Thank you, Michael.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Jamie, who asks, my boyfriend is addicted to Skyrim?
Okay, so yesterday, my BF got Skyrim, a random game.
First off, Jamie, no.
It's a fantasy epic from Bethesda.
Learn something.
And ever since, he's been playing it so much.
Usually, if he gets a game, he would just play it for one or two hours and get bored
of it, but he's been playing this thing for at least nine hours straight now.
The only things he would get up from the computer is to go to the bathroom.
He wouldn't even bother to get food, and I was scared that he would starve, so I ordered
him some pizza, and then he just ate it by the computer while playing.
When I went to bed, he was still playing.
When I woke up this morning, he was still playing.
Usually, he likes sex at least twice a day, but he won't leave the computer even to have
sex, so since I'm always thinking of him, I gave him a BJ, and the whole time, he was
still on the computer.
I'm so worried.
Your boyfriend has the best life.
I'm so worried about him.
What should I do?
He played this video game so hard that you delivered him pizza and blowjobs.
What are you talking about?
You can never retrieve this relationship.
It's over.
And while getting a blowjob, he was just chanting, Dovahki Dovahkin.
What are you doing?
What are you doing, lady?
Have you not been in a relationship before?
That's not how you get anything.
Here, I got you this pizza.
Please be okay.
I'm so worried about you.
Please, I got you these blowjobs.
You just have to live.
Take a chance.
Could I eat an entire bag of pizza rolls without dying?
My friend says I'll die or something if I eat an entire bag of pizza rolls.
90 count.
But I know that it's complete poppycock.
I'm a 15-year-old girl who's 125 pounds.
Will I die?
Doubt it.
Get sick?
Probably.
I have a bigger problem than a 15-year-old girl using the word poppycock.
Yeah, what are you doing?
So let me do a little quick math here.
OK.
90 pizza roll.
It totally matters if it's Totino's.
Everyone knows that those roll a little bit smaller.
Are they super stuffed?
Yeah.
Are they straight cheesy?
Are they pepperoni?
Because I don't know that your liver will be able to process all of the fat, the unsaturated,
saturated fat.
What if they're triple meat?
What if it's double meat?
Well, triple would be more.
The third one's more sausage.
If you're looking at pepperoni, which I think is the only sort of...
Yeah.
I mean, that's the only reasonable thing.
In a 15-count bag, you're doing...
No, 90.
No, no, no.
I'm doing a little math here.
Oh, OK.
In a 15-count bag, you're looking at 7.5 ounces.
OK.
Mm-hmm.
Well, that's not that many ounces.
No, that doesn't seem that bad, right?
Then multiply that by 8.
6.
Yeah, 7.5 times 6.
Times 4?
Times 6 equals 45.
Times 6 equals 45 ounces.
That's about...
Divide that by 16.
It's about 12 pounds.
So you're eating...
We're talking...
OK, well, we're talking about three pounds of pizza rolls, basically.
Man, that's going to be a rough night, huh?
What kind of day did you have that you need to drown it in pizza rolls?
Pizza in the morning, pizza after school time, pizza never a goddamn again,
because that one time I ate 90 pizza rolls.
What I like is if...
Griffin, could you read me the last sentence again?
Will I die?
Doubt it.
Get sick?
Probably.
So she knows that it is a bad idea, that she will at least get sick.
Well, if...
Sorry, if you were asking yourself the question,
will this thing kill me, and your answer is doubt it,
that means there's a shadow of a doubt in your mind that yes, in fact,
eating nine pounds of pizza...
You know what, though, Griffin?
I would say that man could have safely stayed on the surface of the earth
and just stared at the moon for the rest of his life,
but he was willing to risk it to find out what would happen.
Yeah, Travis is saying this because Travis's daily diet
is rated by how much the likelihood that it will kill him.
I'm saying...
Bacon and applesauce?
Maybe.
Three pounds of pizza rolls.
It's going to be gluttony from seven.
You're going to die fat on a table, and Brad Pitt's going to be like,
oh, gross, I'm so thin and he's so fat.
High school.
Three pounds of pizza rolls.
Imagine when you do have to go to the hospital,
the doctor's like, we have a patient here, she's got an overdose of flavor.
Yeah.
Got flavor, she's got terminal flavor.
She's been flavor blasted.
She's got that Italian zest.
Oh, I hit her right in all the right places.
I tell you what's definitely going to happen is your mom is going to get pissed.
Yeah, because you ate all the fucking pizza rolls.
We were saving that from pizza roll night.
She just got that at Sam's Club.
She's got to go all the way back out to the goddamn Sam's.
Why the fuck did I even get the Sam's Club membership?
I could have just bought you four bags of pizza rolls at the Walmart.
Nurse, get me the disaster.
This woman ate the Super Bowl.
What are the risks of at-home circumcision?
My girlfriend gets freaked out by my aunt, Peter Wiener.
I am going to police her and get a circumcision, but I don't have health insurance.
I will do it tomorrow after school, but I want to know what the risks are.
He says I will be using alcohol and scissors, but that is so dumb that I can't believe it's true.
Did he say it's so dumb or did you say it's so dumb?
That was my own editorializing, I apologize.
Ed note, Ed note, this guy's fucking out of his mind dumb.
Oh God, I guess the biggest risk is that he doesn't die from it.
Yeah.
What are the risks?
All of them, all of the risks.
This is nothing but risks.
Like the whole thing is a risk.
It's all risk, no reward.
What are you doing?
Don't double down.
It was okay.
I took a huge risk so that I could have a mangled penis.
Yeah, I mean, and here you go, sweetie.
I got, I care about you so much.
Every night I'm treating you to a poorly crafted turtleneck sweater, like fraying at the edges.
Well, here's my poorly sculpted member.
The reward is if he does it right, you have a clean and healthy penis tip.
No toboggan required.
Yeah, and that's a great look.
It's a great, yeah, you can just.
It makes the, it makes the, it makes the, it makes the, it makes the, it makes the,
it makes the tip of your penis look like Joe Pesci's head.
Now I'm alone.
Yeah, it's just really nice.
Oh my God.
After he gets his head burned by the, oh man.
Yeah, I know.
Fuck, I can think of, oh God, I can think of exactly what you're talking about.
Now I can't.
Time for you to meet the wet bandit.
Oh, it's sticky, is it sticky bandit?
The risks are actually, this may surprise, no risk.
Nothing could possibly go wrong.
You have actually, yeah, there is actually no,
there are so many risks you've actually negated the risk.
The risks all cancel each other out.
It's like algebra, algebra of dumb.
It's like that scene in the cartoon where somebody like goes flying off a ledge and
like bounces past the glass factory and over the tack truck and into like the pillow canal.
Like that's, that's what's going to happen.
What you've set yourself up with right now is a sleepwalking olive oil situation.
Just, just baby Huey all the way, you're fine.
It's like a baby, basically it's a baby's day out of dumb shit to do your penis.
Oh God.
It's a penis day out.
You are going to need-
Hey, Chris Columbus, you're welcome for all these goddamn residuals that slide you today.
Chris Columbus, you make me so sad.
You are going to need the sharpest scissors and all of that, all of the grace.
And the steeliest will.
Yeah, and steel wool to just get it around.
What you really can't do is get halfway through and give up.
This looks like a banker's visor down there.
Surgeon's mask.
What's going on?
It's like a blooming onion down there.
That's some, that's some hanging Chad.
It looks like I got a Pez dispenser.
I would like to get a follow up on this though.
Yeah, I'd like to talk to that kid's dad.
It would just be a Yahoo answer that just read, oh no.
No, no, no.
There's blood everywhere.
Hey folks, before we let you go, just a little bit of housekeeping.
Thanks again to MeUndies, who are dedicated to offering the most comfortable underwear
in existence in the universe.
If you go to meundies.com slash my brother, you can get 20% off your first order.
And thanks to NatureBox.
Hundreds of great tasting, healthy snacks.
Go to naturebox.com slash my brother.
Sign up for a free sampler box of snacks.
What are you waiting on?
Go now, you fools.
Fly you fools.
Just a reminder, we are doing an all Totinos episode as a bonus.
Midweek update about Totinos.
We're very excited about it.
If you have Totinos related questions, email us with Totinos in the subject line.
What is that email address again, Trav?
I think it's nbmbam at maximumfund.org.
That is correct, Griffin.
A swing and a hit.
We also still have tickets on sale for our Pacific Northwest tour.
We're going to be in Seattle.
We're going to be in Portland too, but those tickets are sold out.
We're going to be in Seattle on the 29th of August and Vancouver on the 30th of August.
You can go to bit.ly forward slash nbmbam Seattle or bit.ly forward slash v-a-n-m-b-m-b-a-m
for those tickets.
And we might have another show to announce.
Yeah, that's correct.
That's the year coming up soon.
So stay tuned for that.
It will be on the west side of the country.
But let me say this.
There's additional news there that even if you're not in the area, you'll still get to watch it.
So just stay tuned.
It's very exciting.
We're going to astrally project our podcast.
Yeah, we'll basically just be in your brains.
You'll need to sleep at the time of the show.
Well, we won't be in your brain.
We'll be in the crystal meeting place in the stars.
That's fair.
If you've got a second, hop on iTunes.
Throw us a rating review if you haven't before.
Click that subscribe button if you haven't.
And if you have, if you've done all of that, tell your friends to do it.
If you know people who are lazy and haven't rated and reviewed on iTunes, tell them to do it.
Go check out our YouTube channel.
Go listen to the other shows on Maximum Fun.
There's tons of them.
We do other stuff like The Adventure Zone and Sawbones and Bunker Buddies.
But then there's other shows we don't do like Judge John Hodgman, Stop Podcasting Yourself,
Throwing Shade, a lot of really, really terrific shows.
Go to MaximumFun.org and check them out.
There's also stuff that we do that's not on the network like Trends Like These,
a show that Travis does with his buddy Brent, and Things I Bought at Sheets,
a YouTube program that Justin does where he reviews food with his buddy, Dwight.
We've got our irons and a lot of fires and there's a lot of fires to go around.
So go set yourself on fire.
We also want to say thank you to John Roderick in the long winters for letting us use our theme song,
It's a Departure, off of the album Putting the Days to Bed.
You can find that album on iTunes.
You can probably find it on Amazon.
You can probably find it at a local record shop.
Maybe down at the, you can hear it at the Disco Tech.
Is it on Jay-Z's Zune?
The Jay-Z's like Zune program?
I forget what it's called, but it's his like, his answer to Zune music.
It's on his Zune.
If you can find his Zune, he left it last night at Comic-Con.
If you find Jay-Z's Zune, you can just mail it to us
or there's an address written on the back in Sharp.
You can just mail it to Jay-Z.
You know, on the Zune, let's talk about the Zune for a while.
Okay.
Because the Zune was great because you could share tracks between Zunes.
And it wasn't permanent.
It was either three days or three plays, whatever came first.
But it was a really smart idea, right?
Like, hey, here's this album I'm really into.
It's called Putting the Days to Bed by the Long Winters.
My name is Jay-Z.
Would you like to go get a drink with me?
Maybe go bowling?
And that's how he got started.
And that's how I got started in the rap game.
Anyway, thanks for listening.
We'll be back next week.
Don't worry about it.
This one was sent in by Lisa Holofield.
Thank you, Lisa.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Florex who asks,
did anyone else hated Alan Alda in MASH?
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
Who's been my brother?
My brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Keep your heart, three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart, three stacks.
Man, these girls are smart, three stacks.
These girls are smart.
Play your part.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist-owned.
Listener-supported.
Hey, everyone.
We're the Flophouse, one of the newest additions
to the Maximum Fun Podcasting Network.
I'm Dan McCoy.
I'm Stuart Wellington.
And I'm Elliot Kalin.
What is the Flophouse, you may very well ask?
We watch a bad movie and then we talk about it.
A bad movie podcast?
Isn't that like every fifth podcast on the internet?
I'd answer that by saying, one, we've
been doing this show for over seven years,
long before the entire premise of our show was a cliche.
And two, shut up.
Sick burn.
I'd say that our show is more of a comedy podcast,
a podcast about words that sound like other words,
a podcast about me singing long irritating songs like this one,
a podcast about pitches for a Ziggy comic book movie,
or discussions about sex tarps.
Yeah, I mean, mostly it's a show about three friends just
hanging out and talking about ding dongs.
That's mostly used to.
Wait, what?
So if you like any of those things,
subscribe in iTunes today or visit Maximumfun.org
to follow the show.
The Flophouse.